# AppointmentSystem
The objective of this program is to streamline the process of making, cancelling, and confirming appointments. Users are able to create, cancel, and confirm their own appointments in an efficient and concise manner. The intention is to create a system that is more user-friendly and less time-consuming than the typical appointment system. The menu provides five options: check-in for your appointment, create a new appointment, cancel your appointment, return to the menu, and exit the menu. If user’s select to create a new appointment, they will be asked to enter their first and last name, as well as their preferred date and time for an appointment. They will also be asked to enter whether it will be a dental, pediatric, or optometry appointment. After ensuring that all entered information is correct, the user will receive a confirmation number and a receipt that contains the date, time, confirmation number, and cost. This is an effective reminder of all important information should the user forget. The unique, six-digit confirmation number is used to easily confirm or cancel an appointment. Should the user select to check-in, he or she will be asked to submit both his or her last name and confirmation number. The program will be able to identify whether or not the user has an appointment in the system and if the entered last name and confirmation number match. If the user wants to cancel an appointment, he or she can simply enter the provided confirmation number. This appointment program is an efficient and functional way of streamlining a process that is often overcomplicated, while always keeping the user’s best interests in mind.
